docs(nowcasting): add observed + missing notation to the joint session (#663)
nfidd/nfidd: sessions/joint-nowcasting.qmd

We will explore these in the next section.
:::

> A key insight is that, at the current day $T$, each reference day's reports split into those we have **already observed** (short delays, $d \leq T-t$) and those still **missing** (long delays, $d > T-t$). Summing over delay, the eventual total $N_t$ therefore splits into an observed and a missing part:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A key insight is that, at the current day $T$, the number of reports $n_{t, d}$ for each reference day $t$ at delay $d$ split into those we have **already observed** (short delays, $d \leq T-t$) and those still **missing** (long delays, $d > T-t$). Summing over delay, the eventual total $N_t$ therefore splits into an observed and a missing part:
```

> A key insight is that, at the current day $T$, the number of reports $n_{t, d}$ for each reference day $t$ at delay $d$ split into those we have **already observed** (short delays, $d \leq T-t$) and those still **missing** (long delays, $d > T-t$). Summing over delay, the eventual total $N_t$ therefore splits into an observed and a missing part:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A key insight is that, at the current day $T$, the number of reports $n_{t, d}$ for each reference day $t$ at delay $d$ splits into those we have **already observed** (short delays, $d \leq T-t$) and those still **missing** (long delays, $d > T-t$). Summing over delay, the eventual total $N_t$ therefore splits into an observed and a missing part:
```

A key insight is that, at the current day $T$, the number of reports $n_{t, d}$ for each reference day $t$ at delay $d$ split into those we have **already observed** (short delays, $d \leq T-t$) and those still **missing** (long delays, $d > T-t$). Summing over delay, the eventual total $N_t$ therefore splits into an observed and a missing part:

$$n_{t,d} = n_{t,d}^{obs} + n_{t,d}^{miss}$$
$$
N_{t} = \underbrace{\sum_{d=0}^{T-t} n_{t,d}}_{N_t^{\text{obs}}\ \text{(reports already in)}} \; + \; \underbrace{\sum_{d=T-t+1}^{D} n_{t,d}}_{N_t^{\text{miss}}\ \text{(to be estimated)}}
$$

where:

- $n_{t,d}^{obs}$ is what we observe (when $t+d \leq$ current day)

> - $n_{t,d}^{miss}$ is what we need to estimate (when $t+d >$ current day)

Reviewer: These two are still referred to below.

Reviewer 2: Should have caught these now
